let's see Derek's calling hey what's up
Derek yeah let's be honest jochen was
that by this boy is that day brian is
that Brown opera chakra barb Brian Ahmed
didn't work out hey I got something for
you guys okay Brian I miss you right
mama check it out check it out here we
go what's up wait ways of videos loading
bright mama where don't be mad shot
right that is fucking genius oh man Oh
Brian Brian did you spill Mellie on your
shoe that is Sean did sons go fish a
laboratory got what is that you got my
pleasure that was when we were filming
we were filming something at my house
and Shawn wasn't there yet not oh no
sure Brian wow wow sexy nipple past I
said it was nipple sexy bride mama so
we're filming something at my house
Derek's the first one there and I go
where Shawn and Rocco he goes all I
don't know about Rocco but Shawn's
probably all bent out of shape oh why I
probably fucking Gotham elk on his shoe
just as a joke Derek said that so later
on Derek didn't even hear this happen
because he was in a different room Shawn
got there about half hour later I said
hey man what took so long is your shoe
okay and Shawn just kept going what do
you mean nothing what what do you mean
by she okay there's nothing I have my
ship no idea she just kept forgetting
why they want to shoot so then so then
duh derek was like away at this point
rocco heard me ask Shawn what it is she
was okay
knockout started going what happened to
his shoe and then Eric wait something's
wrong with your shoe would happen
everyone at my house after an intimate
them determine your climbing it turned
into a huge thing about what happened to
your shoe Shawn and then Derek didn't
even know that he had started this milk
on the issue joke and Shawn thinks it's
not funny it's not funny hello Eric yes
hey i got i just turned on the light
cast out of nowhere just as if you guys
are still doing it have a question for
Brian Eddy hurt he's right no shirt no
how many no shirt too much are you know
just I mean not leadership role of those
three waying our best friends
conversation why don't you just call
brian earth I thought I can do this
right seriously and Brian's just having
no shirt on isn't new to me I just got
it was interesting seeing Brian with no
shirt on cart video I don't know I never
borrow whiskey but this is this is how
Elmo's imagines me when I do antic
whiskey which is shirtless and a cowboy
hat well it's on backwards for that and
then the bourbon whiskey but here this
is whether this water magically okay
borough president don't know therefore
the podcast viewers I don't know Brian
and Eric are like best friends and it's
just humorous that they're talking to
each other through our podcast now I
aired it all right okay goodbye hey
check this out all right you had your
prints call goodbye no have one-way hash
prank talk to speaker phone through the
broadcast
but Frank won't hang out with you Eric
so give them a call ok Frank the way
into this is kit this kit yeah but Frank
is talking to Brian through the podcast
to Eric